This app is a "choose your own adventure game" that focuses on space. In this game you get to eat like an astronaut with food floating around you and get the chance to explore all the planets in our solar system with fun, interactive trials in some of the stages. You will have an astronaut NPC guiding you throughout the entire game, making the narrative simple for kids of all ages. As this game is centered around improving kids' reading disabilities, the text is simple and to the point, with easy to figure out tasks such as clicking, searching, and typing. The game is made to be interactive and fun for the kids, while hopefully teaching them something new about space. Whether you decide to visit the ISS Space Station, the planets, or the cafeteria, you will not be able to progress unless you follow the instructions presented during the game, such as clicking the screen, button, or even a friendly alien. At the end of each stage there will be a three question multiple choice text with a no risk system built in if you get it wrong. The player will simply be notified if they get the wrong answer and will be promoted to try again, of course if you do not feel like taking the quiz you can simply click the "skip" button. As this is a game built for the web it can be played on any device, desktop, laptop, tablet, phone...as long as it can be connected to the internet and access an internet browsing service. At the end of the young astronaut journey you will be congratulated for your wits, courage and bravery...and be sent back to the title screen. This game combines real world facts with a splash of fiction and creativity. With the use of sound effects and fading functions it truly gives a feeling like you are traveling through space time.  
